Datatable scrolling faq (#2477)
Textualize/textual: questions/datatable-doesnt-scroll.question.md

  - "Datatable cursor goes off screen and doesn't scroll."
---

If scrolling in your `DataTable` is _apparently_ broken, it may be because your `DataTable` is using the default value of `height: auto`.

> This means that the `DataTable` itself does not have a scrollbar and it cannot scroll itself.
> The scrollbar(s) you see belong to the container(s) of the `DataTable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that the table will be sized to fit its rows without scrolling, which may cause the *container* (typically the screen) to scroll.
If you would like the table itself to scroll, set the height to something other than `auto`. 
For instance, `100%` which will be the height of the container.
```
